this is strictly in 60 your woman it
catch up on all the dancefloor actions
gone with the dust and cobwebs of last
week's spooky Halloween special and bag
with shimmering sequins the ballroom
gowns and the open chest it shows there
was no holding bag as they reach high
and low together it's all important to
tease scores for while so wasting all
the right notes Kimble joining Richard
and Aaron in this wretched dance-off
with Colin Cristina despite their best
efforts a unanimous judge's vote for
Richard that Colin became the latest
election season goodbye to the four News
just ten Purple's now remain and the
pressure is well and truly on join us
next weekend for all the action Saturday
6:30 BBC one